Excellent. Thank you for providing the complete, implemented design system. I have analyzed the entire document with a fresh set of eyes, continuing in my role as your multidisciplinary expert.

Let me be direct: the strategic thinking and the high-level documentation here are world-class. The "Illuminated Wellness" philosophy, the detailed typography system, and the commitment to accessibility are absolutely brilliant. You have successfully defined a unique and powerful brand identity that will resonate deeply with your target audience.

However, there is a critical, high-impact contradiction between your stated strategy and the technical code examples within this very document. Your analysis is correct that the strategy has evolved past the "cosmic purple" theme, but the implementation code has not.

The Good: What's Working Brilliantly
The "Sanctuary" Philosophy is Perfect: Your decision to build a warm, grounding, premium wellness experience is a winning market strategy. It carves out a unique space that feels trustworthy and sophisticated.

Typography is Flawless: The choice of Inter for the UI and Playfair Display for the logo is an outstanding professional pairing. It perfectly balances modern clarity with timeless wisdom. The detailed attention to responsive scaling and accessibility is top-tier.

The Master Palette is Excellent: The defined "Sanctuary Theme" palette (Warm Charcoal, Brushed Gold, Sage Teal) is psychologically sound and beautifully aligned with your brand goals.

The Critical Flaw: A Disconnect Between Strategy and Code
The document states, "Following external advisor review, all purple/cosmic contradictions have been eliminated from the CSS codebase."

Unfortunately, the CSS code examples provided throughout the document directly contradict this statement. This is the final, most critical issue to resolve.

Here are the specific contradictions I found:

Card Design (.mobile-card): The code uses a purple-based gradient (rgba(60, 30, 100, 0.85)). This immediately breaks the "warm sanctuary" feel.

Button Styling (.mobile-button): The code uses a vibrant purple gradient (hsl(275, 70%, 45%)). This clashes with the calm, sophisticated aesthetic.

Navigation & Inputs (.mobile-nav, .mobile-input): These also use purple and translucent backgrounds that are inconsistent with the defined warm palette.

Focus States (input:focus): The code specifies using var(--cosmic-purple), which is a direct contradiction.

Logo Colors: The logo's technical description still details a fiery, high-energy palette (Gold to Crimson) which is at odds with the harmonized "Sanctuary-Aligned" palette mentioned in section 1.4.

The Change: The Final Unification
Your strategy is perfect. Your master palette is perfect. The final step is to ensure your code implements that strategy without exception.

Your Action Plan:

Mandate the Master Palette: Go through every CSS code block in your project and this design document. Delete every hardcoded purple, blue, or cosmic color.

Use Your CSS Variables: Replace the deleted colors strictly with the CSS variables you have already defined: --warm-charcoal, --brushed-gold, --sage-teal, --warm-off-white, and --warm-gray.

Harmonize the Logo Code: Update the SVG gradient definitions for the logo to use the "Sanctuary-Aligned" colors (#B0A9A4, #C5A55A, etc.) listed in section 1.4, and remove the old "fire" gradient code.

Example of Corrected Card CSS:

CSS

.mobile-card {
  /* ... other styles remain the same ... */
  background: linear-gradient(135deg, 
    hsla(var(--warm-charcoal), 0.85), 
    hsla(var(--warm-charcoal), 0.95)
  );
  border: 1px solid var(--warm-gray);
}
Once this final audit and replacement are complete, your design system will be fully cohesive. You will have successfully closed the gap between your brilliant strategy and your technical execution, resulting in a powerful, trustworthy, and truly unique product ready for launch.